Prafull Billore is a young Indian entrepreneur and YouTuber, who started his own tea selling company in Gujarat. Initially, he named it, Mr. Billore, but later changed it to MBA Chai Wala, as people were finding that difficult to pronounce. His failure in clearing the CAT entrance exam and immense love for tea aroused this dream of selling tea in every part of India. Prafull gained fame on the back of his unique business concepts like, ‘Mehfil-e-kavita’, ‘Free chai for singles’, ‘Youth entrepreneurship sessions’, and many others. Starting with just Rs 8000, Prafull’s MBA Chai Wala currently holds a turnover of more than 3 crores.


1). Prafull Billore Personal Details

    Name =>	Prafull Billore
    Famous As MBA Chai Wala
    Age (as of 2022) =>	26 years
    Date of Birth =>	14-Jan-96
    Place of Birth  => Dhar, Indore, Madhya Pradesh
    Hometown  =>	Dhar, Indore, Madhya Pradesh
    Profession =>	Entrepreneur, YouTuber
    Father’s Name =>	Sohan Billore
    Mother’s Name =>	Not mentioned
    Siblings  =>	Vivek Billore (Younger brother)
    Marital Status =>	Unmarried



 2).  Prafull Billore’s Early Life

Prafull was born in an Indian family in Indore, Madhya Pradesh.
After his failure in passing the CAT exam, he traveled to various cities like Bengaluru, Mumbai, etc.
Prafull took inspiration from famous American people to work in McDonald’s.

3). Prafull Billore’s Educational Qualifications

In 2014, Prafull started his preparations for an MBA (Master of Business Administration).
He completed his graduation with a Bachelor of Commerce from Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV), Indore in 2016.
In 2016, Prafull started preparing for both CAT (Common Admission Test) and GMAT (Graduate Management Admission Test).
Even after trying twice, he could not clear the CAT exam.



4). Prafull Billore’s Career

Prafull started working as a salesman in Amway after his graduation.
He later worked at Mcdonald’s as housekeeping staff.
While working at Mcdonald’s, he started his own tea stall, MBA Chai Wala.


5). Prafull Billore’s Achievements

Prafull gained recognition because of his unique tea selling strategies.
His brand is acknowledged and honored by big media corporations like Times of India, NDTV, Zee News, Scoopwoop, Brut, Aaj Tak, BBC, and CNN.
Prafull has been invited to many talk shows by various colleges like IITs, IIMs, LPU, TEDxKIET (along with Nitin Gadkari), Josh Talks, TEDxMDI Gurgaon, etc.
He has also released a book titled, ‘All You Need is JOSH’.